Highlight the impact of missing graph API permissions (#28470)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/csm-setup-azure.en.md

If you haven't already, set up the [Microsoft Azure integration][1].

> **Note**: To access the full set of Azure compliance rules—including [Identity Risks][5]—you must enable the `Application.Read.All`, `Directory.Read.All`, `Group.Read.All`, `Policy.Read.All`, and `User.Read.All` permissions for the [Microsoft Graph API][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To access the full set of Azure compliance rules—including <a href="TODO add link">Identity Risks</a>—you must enable the <code>Application.Read.All</code>, <code>Directory.Read.All</code>, <code>Group.Read.All</code>, <code>Policy.Read.All</code>, and <code>User.Read.All</code> permissions for the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/azure-graph-api-permissions/">Microsoft Graph API</a>.
```
You can see a preview of your change in context here: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/nick.allen/highlight-impact-missing-graph-api-perms/security/cloud_security_management/setup/cloud_integrations?tab=azure. Because it's in an alert box, the formatting and links need to use HTML.

I don't know the correct target for the Identity Risks link, so I left a TODO.

Author: Thank you so much @urseberry !

Author: I was just missing the proper link. This should be fixed now in [1a0bc4d](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/28470/commits/1a0bc4dfad4a97462a5d110c03aa1d9cbacf3d0d).
